[dhctl] mirror: allow source registry selection (#6889)
deckhouse/deckhouse: docs/documentation/pages/DECKHOUSE-FAQ.md

   > Note that `--min-version` parameter will be ignored if you specify version above current rock-solid channel.

   To pull Deckhouse images from a specific registry repository, specify that repository with the `--source` flag.
   The optional `--source-login` and `--source-password` flags are used to authenticate to a given registry.
   If they are omitted, mirroring will be performed anonymously.

>    For example, here is how you can pull Flant Edition images instead of the default Enterprise Edition ones:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   An example of pulling Deckhouse Enterprise Edition images:
```

Author: This would be a bad example as pulling EE is the default behaviour and `--source` is not required to do it.

   ```shell

>    dhctl mirror --source="registry.deckhouse.io/deckhouse/fe" --license="<DECKHOUSE_LICENSE_KEY>" --images-bundle-path /tmp/d8-images/d8.tar

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   dhctl mirror --source="registry.deckhouse.io/deckhouse/ee" --license="<DECKHOUSE_LICENSE_KEY>" --images-bundle-path /tmp/d8-images/d8.tar
```

   ```

   > Note: `--license` flag acts as a shortcut for `--source-login` and `--source-password` flags for the Deckhouse registry.
   > If you specify both license and login+password pair for source registry, the latter will be used.

>    `dhctl mirror` supports digesting of the final set of Deckhouse images with the GOST R 34.11-2012 (Stribog) hash function, add the `--gost-digest` parameter to calculate it after download.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   `dhctl mirror` supports digesting of the final set of Deckhouse images with the GOST R 34.11-2012 (Stribog) hash function (the `--gost-digest` parameter).
```

>    `dhctl mirror` supports digesting of the final set of Deckhouse images with the GOST R 34.11-2012 (Stribog) hash function, add the `--gost-digest` parameter to calculate it after download.

Reviewer 2: Do we need to be so specific here about the hash function (GOST R ...)? Maybe it makes sense to omit this excessive description in the English version?

>    `dhctl mirror` supports digesting of the final set of Deckhouse images with the GOST R 34.11-2012 (Stribog) hash function, add the `--gost-digest` parameter to calculate it after download.

Author: I doubt someone outside of russia will ever use it, but I believe the algorithm should be there, yes. How are you supposed to validate hash it you don't know which one it is?
